"In space no one can hear you scream." — Alien (1979)
"The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few." — Spock, Star Trek II
"All these worlds are yours, except Europa. Attempt no landing there." — 2010: The Year We Make Contact
"Open the pod bay doors, HAL." — 2001: A Space Odyssey
"I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that." — HAL 9000
"Through and beyond!" — Dr. Hans Reinhardt, The Black Hole (1979)
"There is no greater force in the universe than gravity." — Dr. Hans Reinhardt
"Some things are easier to dream than they are to do." — Dr. Hans Reinhardt
"Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light." — Dylan Thomas, in Interstellar
"We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt." — Cooper, Interstellar
"Maybe we've spent too long trying to figure all this out with theory." — Cooper, Interstellar
"Murph!" — Cooper, Interstellar
"Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends dimensions of time and space." — Brand, Interstellar
"The universe is under no obligation to make sense to you." — Neil deGrasse Tyson
"Pale blue dot." — Carl Sagan
"We are made of star-stuff." — Carl Sagan
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." — Carl Sagan
"Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us." — Carl Sagan
"The cosmos is within us." — Carl Sagan
"Black holes are where God divided by zero." — Steven Wright (apocryphal, attributed)
"All matter that crosses the event horizon is lost forever to our universe." — Stephen Hawking
"My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all." — Stephen Hawking
"Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change." — Stephen Hawking
"Black holes ain't so black." — Stephen Hawking
"The deepest, darkest emptiness has only one tale to tell." — Roger Penrose
"Everything imaginable is real." — Pablo Picasso, in The Three-Body Problem
"Weakness and ignorance are not barriers to survival, but arrogance is." — The Dark Forest, Liu Cixin
"In the face of the Dark Forest, all civilizations are silent." — Liu Cixin
"The universe is a dark forest." — Liu Cixin
"Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, until the universe ends." — Liu Cixin
"You can't go through life with a closed heart." — Padme, Star Wars
"The Force will be with you. Always." — Obi-Wan Kenobi
"In space, no one can hear you debug." — Anonymous sysadmin
"Resistance is futile." — The Borg
"Make it so." — Captain Jean-Luc Picard
"Engage." — Captain Picard
"Tea, Earl Grey, hot." — Picard's replicator order
"Live long and prosper." — Vulcan blessing
"Beam me up, Scotty." — (never actually said, but iconic)
"To boldly go where no one has gone before." — Star Trek
"Q is the universe's way of telling us we're not as smart as we think." — Star Trek: TNG
"Faith manages." — Delenn, Babylon 5
"And so it begins..." — Kosh, Babylon 5
"All life is transitory. A dream. We all come together in the same place at the end of time." — Kosh, Babylon 5
"Who are you?" — Kosh, Babylon 5
"What do you want?" — Vorlon question
"The universe is hostile, so impersonal — devour to survive." — A Brief History of Time
"Earth is a small place. The universe is vast. Get used to being small." — anonymous
"Fear is the mind-killer." — Bene Gesserit Litany Against Fear, Dune
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer." — Paul Atreides, Dune
"He who controls the spice controls the universe." — Baron Harkonnen, Dune
"The sleeper must awaken." — Duke Leto, Dune
"The hand of God." — Apollo 11 view of Earth
"That's one small step for [a] man, one giant leap for mankind." — Neil Armstrong
"Houston, we have a problem." — Apollo 13
"Failure is not an option." — Gene Kranz, Apollo 13
"The Eagle has landed." — Apollo 11
"In the future, your computer will be more powerful than the one that took us to the Moon." — circa 1969 (true)
"Don't panic." — The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
"42." — Deep Thought, The Hitchhiker's Guide
"So long, and thanks for all the fish." — Hitchhiker's Guide
"Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so." — Douglas Adams
"The universe is a unhappy place. The reason is, it doesn't have anywhere to live." — D. Adams
"Mostly harmless." — Hitchhiker's Guide entry on Earth
"Reality is frequently inaccurate." — Douglas Adams
"Dust off the carbon and re-link." — anonymous lifeguide
"There are no second chances. There is no time to waste." — Andromeda Strain
"Singularity, my old friend." — Andromeda Strain
"There is a black hole at the center of every galaxy. The Milky Way is no exception." — astronomy textbook
"Sagittarius A* is sleeping. For now." — astrophysics text
"Vacuum decay would propagate at the speed of light. By the time you noticed, it would already be over." — physics speculation
"In the future, every microbe will be famous for fifteen minutes." — anonymous, after Andy Warhol
"The Cygnus, ladies and gentlemen — your tomb." — Dr. Hans Reinhardt
"V.I.N.CENT may be only a robot, but he's a damn fine one." — The Black Hole
"The black hole — a phenomenon that fascinates and terrifies us." — opening narration, The Black Hole
"With Cygnus' aid, I will fly through the maw of the black hole, in spite of all opposition." — Dr. Hans Reinhardt
"The seer's vision is incomplete." — Foundation, Asimov
"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent." — Salvor Hardin, Foundation
"In the absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia." — Foundation
"For the world is hollow, and I have touched the sky." — Star Trek
"Resolve to do better. Always." — Hari Seldon
"Why do we exist? Why is there something rather than nothing?" — Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time
"The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be." — Star Trek: Voyager
"There are 10 types of people in this world: those who understand binary, and those who don't." — anonymous
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." — Pablo Picasso
"640K ought to be enough for anybody." — apocryphal Bill Gates
"The bigger the boat, the bigger the wake." — Sailor's Adage
"Memento mori." — Latin reminder
"Sic transit gloria mundi." — Thus passes worldly glory
"All things truly wicked start from innocence." — Hemingway
"Not all those who wander are lost." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"The night is dark and full of terrors." — Game of Thrones
"Winter is coming." — House Stark
"You know nothing, Jon Snow." — Ygritte
"In the grimdark future, there is only war." — Warhammer 40K
"Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment." — Warhammer 40K
"The Emperor protects." — Warhammer 40K
"There is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter, and the laughter of thirsting gods." — Warhammer 40K
"Skynet became self-aware at 2:14am Eastern Time, August 29th." — The Terminator
"I'll be back." — Terminator
"Hasta la vista, baby." — Terminator 2
"Come with me if you want to live." — Terminator 2
"In ten thousand years, civilization will be a memory." — Foundation
"It's not the stars we love, it's our reflection in them." — anonymous
"Love is bigger than gravity. We've felt it." — Brand, Interstellar
"Newton's Third Law: you have to leave something behind." — Cooper, Interstellar
"Once you accept that the universe is something expanding into infinite nothing, the idea of wearing pants makes any sense." — Anonymous
"In the Big Bang theory's origin story, the universe was about the size of a basketball." — astrophysics
"You don't get to 11 dimensions without making some assumptions." — physics
"The mathematician's patterns, like the painter's or the poet's must be beautiful." — G.H. Hardy
"In mathematics, you don't understand things. You just get used to them." — von Neumann
"There are no black holes. Only stars in metric collapse." — physics jargon
"Stay your hand, Reinhardt. The Cygnus is yours, but the Black Hole is not." — V.I.N.CENT
"Power and responsibility — never trust either." — Battlestar Galactica
"All this has happened before, and all of it will happen again." — Battlestar Galactica
"Frak." — Battlestar Galactica's universal expletive
"So say we all." — Galactica's response
"To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge." — Confucius
"There are no facts, only interpretations." — Nietzsche
"Hell is empty and all the devils are here." — Shakespeare's The Tempest
"Hope is the thing with feathers." — Emily Dickinson
"This is the way." — The Mandalorian
"I am the Senate." — Sheev Palpatine
"Search your feelings, you know it to be true." — Darth Vader
"Do or do not. There is no try." — Yoda
"Brevity is the soul of wit." — Hamlet
"It's a trap!" — Admiral Ackbar
"Gravitational collapse stops for no one." — astrophysics text
"In the void, you become the void." — Nietzsche, paraphrased
"The longer you stare into the void, the more it stares into you." — Nietzsche
"Ad astra per aspera." — through hardship to the stars
"Per aspera ad astra." — same, reversed
"E = mc²." — Einstein, on the equivalence of mass and energy
"God does not play dice with the universe." — Einstein
"God doesn't merely play dice — he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen." — Hawking, in response
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." — Einstein
"All theory is gray, my friend. But forever green is the tree of life." — Goethe
"There is no certainty without first proof, and even with proof, only relative certainty." — anonymous physicist
"Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen. Anything that, in happening, causes itself to happen again, happens again." — Hitchhiker's Guide
"Beware of the dog." — typical lab notebook
"Curiosity killed the cat. Satisfaction brought it back." — Schrödinger's cat
"Look up." — astrophysicist's advice
"Always look up." — same advice
"The universe doesn't care about your timeline." — Murphy's Law applied to spaceflight
"Reality is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things seen." — paraphrased Hebrews 11:1, with adjustment
"In the end, all that remains is light. And then, even the light decays." — physicist on heat death
"Heat death is forever. Make the most of now." — astrophysics-themed
"The map is not the territory." — Korzybski
"There are no good answers. Only better questions." — Le Guin
"All models are wrong, but some are useful." — George Box, statistician
"In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is." — Yogi Berra
"Code never lies. Comments do." — Software engineer's adage
"There are two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors." — Phil Karlton
"Premature optimization is the root of all evil." — Donald Knuth
"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." — Linus Torvalds
"Software is like sex: it's better when it's free." — Linus Torvalds
"In a way, programming is the closest you can get to magic in real life." — Anonymous developer
"Real artists ship." — Steve Jobs
"Stay hungry. Stay foolish." — Steve Jobs
"The journey is the reward." — Steve Jobs
"It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people." — Steve Jobs
"This is the future. Adapt or die." — anonymous CTO
"In the digital age, the only constant is change." — anonymous
"Fail fast, learn faster." — startup mantra
"The cosmos is full beyond measure of elegant truths." — Carl Sagan
"Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence." — Carl Sagan
"For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love." — Carl Sagan, Contact
"Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere." — Carl Sagan
"Somewhere out there, something amazing is happening." — anonymous astronomer
"And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." — F. Scott Fitzgerald, Great Gatsby
"Seize the day." — Horace
"Carpe noctem." — seize the night
"What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." — Emerson
"The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed." — William Gibson
"Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions." — William Gibson, Neuromancer
"The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel." — Neuromancer's opening
"You can run on for a long time, but sooner or later, the train comes by." — Folk wisdom
"Reality is what continues to exist when you stop believing in it." — Philip K. Dick
"The truth is out there." — The X-Files
"I want to believe." — The X-Files
"Trust no one." — Mulder
"The universe is queerer than we can suppose." — J.B.S. Haldane
"Reality is broken." — old games critic adage
"And the rest, as they say, is dust." — Liu Cixin
"Until the universe stops, we are alive." — anonymous philosopher
"What is grief, if not love persevering?" — Vision, Marvel
"I love you 3000." — Tony Stark and Morgan
"And I... am Iron Man." — Tony Stark
"With great power comes great responsibility." — Uncle Ben
"There is no system." — Mr. Robot
"In the silence of the void, the only sound is your own heartbeat." — astronaut on EVA
"This terminal will self-destruct in 5 seconds." — sci-fi cliché
"Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer, do." — HAL 9000's death song
"My mind is going. I can feel it." — HAL 9000
"Just what do you think you're doing, Dave?" — HAL 9000
